Hello QSYS Admission Commitee!
My name is Luyu, and I'm a high school student currently attending UTS.

As a physics enthusiast, I love the idea of understanding more of the Quantum research field.
Inside of school and independently, I've partaken in many Physics extracurriculars.
In CaYPT, a year-long competitive physics competition, I've approached many fields both experimentally and with theoretical models!
For instance, last year one of my problems, named 'Siren Disk', had me explore acoustics and fluid dynamics to model amplitude and waveform of sound,
while my other problem, Oscillating Screw, stretched my understanding of dynamics to the limits!
This year, I'm working on droplet energy minimization and optical modelling, LRC circuit behavior with ferrite magnetic flux, and Gratzel cell optimization (a really interesting problem on the quantum level!)!

Otherwise, I also participated in OAPT in Grade 10, where I tied as the 6th highest scorer for the Grade 11 competition.

Within school, Despite entering my school's Physics stream a year early, I've succeeded and enjoyed my classes a lot!
I've also participated actively in helping teach and tutor other people in my class :)

Besides physics, I've also come to love Computer Engineering, especially CPU design, were I've self-studied from
University textbooks on subjects such as branch prediction algorithms, memory heirchary + cache coherency, and more!
Because of this, I think it'd be very interesting to extend beyond classical computing architectures, and learn more about
Quantum computing!

I enjoy coding a lot as well, mostly for fun, but also competitively!
I've written numerous user-level Linux applications in Rust, contributed to some OSS, created many physics simulations with Python for CaYPT,
and earned a Honor roll the time I took the CCC!

Lastly, to perhaps not appear as a STEM addicted child, I also enjoy taking time walking around Toronto taking street photography, playing guitar, and visual arts!

In summary, I think I'd be an ideal for canidate for the QSYS as I am very passionate regarding the
topics within the program!
